okay thanks
I dyed my hair or fix my roots yesterday
I just want to say sorry
also if I I know say the wrong things or
I hope you can understand me in this
video because I'm really ready to raid
the tired
like extremely fires I'm gonna go sleep
after this video so yeah I have dark
under-eye circles and I don't know it
feels like I'm speak in a weird way but
I'm sorry for that
and I hope you understand what I'm
saying I've been off so many times to
record when I dye my hair
mostly when I have red and the orange
hair but I haven't gotten it but I've
got this question again when I had this
hair so yeah so I fixed my roots
yesterday and because of that I thought
I should record it so I did and the
camera died so I only got half of it but
I'm thinking that that's okay because I
did one half of the scalp or head and
that explains how I do it because I do
the X X X exact same thing on this side
so I think it's okay anyway yeah so I
hope you enjoy the video and yeah this
is how I dye my hair or roots I should
say because I only
by this part here I wanted it to be blue
fish and this is green so keep on
watching if you're interested in knowing
how I do it and yeah hope you like it
okay so this is actually the first time
I'm doing a voiceover in my videos and
yeah I really hope it works and that you
can hear me as you can see I'm brushing
through my hair so it's easy to apply
the hair dye and I'm sorry if it's gonna
be quiet in some parts of this video but
yeah it's my first time like I said I
always with my hair before I do this and
I always believe it before I apply the
color to my hair when it comes to
directions hair dye and Manic Panic hair
dye you want to bleach it before if you
want the color to be really bright and
yeah colorful so bleach it before if you
have darker hair then you see my roots
are I have to tell you that I never do
this without gloves I couldn't find my
gloves this time and I decided to do it
without the only thing I can say is that
I will never do it again so yeah please
use gloves if you're gonna bleach your
hair but that's quite obvious I think
it's just me being stupid basically this
is all you do and yeah it's really easy
nothing hard to do I don't really use a
mirror from the back of my hand
I just kind of feel where I already put
the bleach and I guess hoping for the
best but I hope you can see what I'm
doing and yeah it's gonna be the same
huh over and over again this is where my
iPhone decided to go against me but I
fixed the problem so it's all okay this
is how light you want it to be and I'm
showing you my names here
because I put nail polish on them so
they won't turn blue
it's using some kind of oil on my skin
so it won't stain it from the color and
this time I used coconut oil which I use
for almost everything but that's for
another video this is the hair dye that
I'm using and I wrote the brand and
color there oops I'm blending the blue
color with some conditioner because I
don't want it to be as dark this time as
you can see I'm doing the same thing as
I did with the bleach so it's again it's
really easy and I'm so sorry that I
don't have any music in this video or
something really for anyone it's just
quiet but yeah I don't know well let's
talk about something else you can see
what I'm doing and it's really easy okay
so let's talk about my life right now I
just came home from work recently today
and I've been working for 19 hours in a
row without sleeping so that's kind of
exhausting but it's a new job and I
really really really love it
to be honest so it's okay but I just
found out that I am going to work for
many hours tomorrow as well
so I'm really tired and I need to get
some sleep but I wanted to make this
video for you so I really hope that you
enjoy it and that it's not too bad and
that you appreciate it I guess and now I
finally can stop talking because the
video is over because the phone died
again yeah keep on watching for a little
while
so that's how I dye my hair or roots and
yeah I hope you liked the video even if
it's not great quality or yeah I've
never done this before and it's hard to
record in the bathroom I think so I hope
you at least understand how I do it and
yeah if you like the video give me a
thumbs up and thank you for watching bye